Update legacy packages blog post with a note about available releases (#44719)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-08-31-legacy-package-repository-deprecation/index.md

Kubernetes 1.29 and onwards will have packages published **only** to the
community-owned repositories (`pkgs.k8s.io`).

### What releases are available in the new community-owned package repositories?

> All releases starting from Kubernetes v1.24.0 are available in the 
> community-owned package repositories (`pkgs.k8s.io`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux packages for releases starting from Kubernetes v1.24.0 are available in the 
Kubernetes package repositories (`pkgs.k8s.io`). Kubernetes does not have official
Linux packages available for earlier releases of Kubernetes; however, your Linux
distribution may provide its own packages.
```
